mhm. So M and s degree M A and M s degrees are both masters degrees. So
Emma stands for Master of Arts and M s stands for master of Science.
And while sometimes there's some logic in this usually things that
maybe you're in, like humanities or arts or music those were going
to be M a degrees master of arts degrees. Whereas Degrees Master's
degrees in, like, biology and chemistry, um are going to be masters
of science degrees. Um, but sometimes it's kind of arbitrary. So, for
instance, in our graduate program in the psychology department at
Cal State Fullerton, we have both an M A and an M s degree. And so the
M A degree is usually the track that's taken by people who want to
do research, uh, maybe to work in a lab or maybe to go onto a PhD
degree and then, you know, also be doing like, research or being an
academics. Where is the M s degree is for people who want to go on to
be clinicians, usually as like a license, marriage and family therapist.
Um, so it's you know, in that case, you might think, well, the
people who want to be scientists are getting a master of arts degree
and the people who want to practice the art of clinical psychology.
You're getting a master of science degree. So again it could be a
little bit arbitrary. But that's really the difference is it's a master
of arts or it's a master of science.